and the elevator may help you just give
me the fucking elevator spaces yeah
right now I got it fixed
where are you calling from Utica New
York the only fucked I wanted a building
dumb fuck it's smooth floors are you
people that being there is you not you
know what fucking allergies are what
building well all I hear is for you I
don't understand exactly what you saying
where are you dunno cities like New York
City bargain enough you're meaner
well they don't usually all New York
City this is a company in New Hampshire
so you have called the wrong people
fucking you want to take them garden you
know your boys out oh man you're
actually the speeches that you
manufacture okay you're being recorded
and I am gonna let you stay office know
that you have called from New York City
and OCR leave your name and telephone
number so I will be happy to have
nothing are you yeah
Dana Morgan this is New York
then the I obey you know you do I
reached the company in your humor we
don't service New York you actually come
down and touches all of us pocket of
space is the hockey get the fucking guy
here now I'm through a wolf and a
telephone numbers fuck did you hear me I
need your name and telephone number and
they address where you are the media
will have a supervisor call you sir but
I'm nowhere near calling from but they
held service New York fucking fucking
miss Texas while all I hear is you
twittering I
any condoms concrete information about
what your name is and what your contact
telephone number is two six six area
code two six six telling me you're now
two six six and what is the rest of the
telephone numbers nursing kidney it's
what it was on the phone earlier pieces
shit I don't know who you've tried to
call but you cobble all people if the
motherfuckers are here in five fucking
minutes of a buncha guy to face when he
comes here yeah right now I gotta fix
you know use motherfuckers they comin up
yet could it be your mouth hollow well
you're not trying to help yourself by
swearing and not offering any concrete
information you have not given me your
name you have not given me a telephone
number
it's two floors are you people next
enourage
do not know what fucking elevators are
what building the only fucking wanted a
building you dumb fuck no there's a
fuckin honest I'm fuck you are so sick
of this piece of shit I have to deal
with you people
it was now or later in the world getting
me are now and where are you whatever
your dress Utica New York this is New
York but I needed street address I need
a gelding two suits now I own how are
you I'm happy to six six you imbecile
two six six are what is that what does
such get the motherfuckers out here in
five fucking minutes of a buncha Gator
face when he comes here though he's
fuckin yeah you need to hit the
emergency button are you need to call
emergency services in New York City I
can help you using
it's what it was I the father earlier he
didn't talk to this company I don't know
who you talked to
but you didn't talk to us I'm so fucking
dead Yeah right here this was New York
but I can't help you this company is
Ramirez ensure they do not injure us New
York
I have know certain people on New York
number did you hear me I've got a child
all I've told you seven times you have
the wrong number
you don't want cause of a number I'm so
sick of this piece of shit I have to
deal with you people
there's a window over in the world you
boys you all belong people usually just
give me the fucking elevator spaces and
you have to call the right number sir I
can't help you engage your fuck you have
little sleazier I don't have any service
people in New York you piece of shit
nice shot ya know there's a fucking
Martian in there